site/content/blog/2018-02-07-get-out-your-dancing-shoes-the-clambake-festival-is-back.md, before:

---
title: From Jazz to 50’s Rock, the 2019 South Coast Clambake Music Festival Has It
  All!
date: 2019-02-19 15:46:00 +0000
description: "Break out those dancin’ shoes! The annual South Coast Clambake Music
  Festival is coming back to rock and roll Oregon's South Coast March 8th-10th, 2019!\n\n"
tags:
- Beaches
- best western
- Charleston
- Coast
- Coos Bay
- Coos Bay-North Bend
- Dixieland Jazz Festival
- hotel reservations
- Jazz Festival
- March
- North Bend
- Oregon
- Oregon Coast
- recreation
- Red Lion Hotel
- Rock and Roll North Bend
- South Coast Clambake
- South Coast Clambake Jazz Festival
- The Mill Casino
- the Oregon Coast
categories:
- Entertainment & Nightlife
- Fairs & Festivals
image: "/img/02-07-18-south-coast-music-festivel.jpg"
draft: true

---
![](https://clambakejazz.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/SCCMusicFest_30thlogo-1.png)

Break out those dancin’ shoes! The annual <a href="https://clambakejazz.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">South Coast Clambake Music Festival </a>  is coming back to rock and roll Oregon's South Coast <strong>March 8th-10th, 2019</strong>!

This year's exciting musical extravaganza brings another fabulous lineup of incredible music that ranges from traditional jazz to 50’s rock, including swing, doo-wop, blues, big band and Zydeco!

What originally began as the Dixieland Jazz Festival nearly 30 years ago has evolved into one of the biggest annual music festivals on the Oregon Coast and offers a wide range of musical styles that will have you up on your feet.

If this is your first Clambake Music Festival, don't let “Clambake” in the title throw you off! “Clambake” is actually an old-time musical term for a “jam session”. The festival is a celebration of music and attracts music enthusiasts and dance lovers from up and down the West Coast. But don't worry, there are plenty of spots around town serving fresh clams and you can even dig your own!

The South Coast Clambake Music Festival is one of the biggest musical events of the year, so be sure to make your reservations as soon as you can! <a href="http://oregonsadventurecoast.com/lodging/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>Click here</strong> </a>to see our list of hotel, motel and bed & breakfast properties throughout the area.

For festival details, including <strong>ticket prices</strong>, band schedules, venues, etc visit <strong><a href="http://www.clambakejazz.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">www.ClamBakeJazz.com</a></strong>. You may also email clambakejazz@gmail.com or call 541-267-7665. You can also follow their updates on<strong><a href="https://www.facebook.com/clambakejazz" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Facebook.</a></strong>

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Amy Dunn created site/static/img/DSC_3224.jpeg Amy Dunn updated site/content/blog/2018-02-07-get-out-your-dancing-shoes-the-clambake-festival-is-back.md

site/content/blog/2018-02-07-get-out-your-dancing-shoes-the-clambake-festival-is-back.md, after:

---
title: From Jazz to 50’s Rock, the 2019 South Coast Clambake Music Festival Has It
  All!
date: 2019-02-19 15:46:00 +0000
description: "Break out those dancin’ shoes! The annual South Coast Clambake Music
  Festival is coming back to rock and roll Oregon's South Coast March 8th-10th, 2019!\n\n"
tags:
- Beaches
- best western
- Charleston
- Coast
- Coos Bay
- Coos Bay-North Bend
- Dixieland Jazz Festival
- hotel reservations
- Jazz Festival
- March
- North Bend
- Oregon
- Oregon Coast
- recreation
- Red Lion Hotel
- Rock and Roll North Bend
- South Coast Clambake
- South Coast Clambake Jazz Festival
- The Mill Casino
- the Oregon Coast
categories:
- Entertainment & Nightlife
- Fairs & Festivals
image: "/img/DSC_6673.jpeg"
draft: true

---
![](https://clambakejazz.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/SCCMusicFest_30thlogo-1.png)

Break out those dancin’ shoes! The annual <a href="https://clambakejazz.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">South Coast Clambake Music Festival </a>  is coming back to rock and roll Oregon's South Coast <strong>March 8th-10th, 2019</strong> at The Mill Casino in North Bend!

![](/img/DSC_3224.jpeg)

Now in its 30th year, the South Coast Clambake Music Festival has entertained thousands of music lovers in our region. This year's exciting musical extravaganza brings another fabulous lineup of incredible music that ranges from traditional jazz to 50’s rock, including swing, doo-wop, blues, big band and Zydeco all under one roof! [Click here to see the list of bands and musicians](https://clambakejazz.com/our-bands/) performing at the 2019 festival. 

What originally began as the Dixieland Jazz Festival nearly 30 years ago has evolved into one of the biggest annual music festivals on the Oregon Coast and offers a wide range of musical styles that will have you up on your feet.

If this is your first Clambake Music Festival, don't let “Clambake” in the title throw you off! “Clambake” is actually an old-time musical term for a “jam session”. The festival is a celebration of music and attracts music enthusiasts and dance lovers from up and down the West Coast. But don't worry, there are plenty of spots around town serving fresh clams and you can even dig your own!

The South Coast Clambake Music Festival is one of the biggest musical events of the year, so be sure to make your reservations as soon as you can! <a href="http://oregonsadventurecoast.com/lodging/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>Click here</strong> </a>to see our list of hotel, motel and bed & breakfast properties throughout the area.

For festival details, including <strong>ticket prices</strong>, band schedules, venues, etc visit <strong><a href="http://www.clambakejazz.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">www.ClamBakeJazz.com</a></strong>. You may also email clambakejazz@gmail.com or call 541-267-7665. You can also follow their updates on<strong><a href="https://www.facebook.com/clambakejazz" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Facebook.</a></strong>
