site/content/blog/as-seen-in-1859-magazine-2019.md, before:

---
title: Plan Your Next Visit to Oregon's Adventure Coast with 1859 Oregon's Magazine’s
  January Trip Planner
date: 2019-02-13 21:00:00 -0800
description: >-
  We may be in the early stages of 2019, but Oregon's Adventure Coast has
  already received a whole lot of buzz this year! We all know that the Coos Bay, North
  Bend and Charleston are is one of Oregon's best-kept travel secrets, but looks like
  the word is getting out!
image: "/img/road-trip-bridge.jpg"
tags:
- 1859 Magazine
- Itinerary
- Oregon Coast Travel
- Oregon Coast Vacation
- Coos Bay
- North Bend Oregon
- Charleston Oregon
categories: []

---
## "The area has an abundance of outdoors opportunities and vistas that simply can’t be seen in other parts of the state."- [1859 Oregon's Magazine](https://1859oregonmagazine.com/explore-oregon/trip-planners/oregons-adventure-coast/)

We may be in the early stages of 2019, but Oregon's Adventure Coast has already received a whole lot of buzz this year! We all know that the Coos Bay, North Bend and Charleston are is one of Oregon's best-kept travel secrets, but looks like the word is getting out!

**As Seen in 1859 Oregon's Magazine!** In case you missed it, Oregon's Adventure Coast featured in [1859 Oregon's Magazine](https://1859oregonmagazine.com/explore-oregon/trip-planners/oregons-adventure-coast/) earlier this month. The magazine explores the landscapes, the personalities, the movers and shakers, the history and the architecture that is the jewel of the Pacific Northwest and has been characterized as "a National Geographic for the state of Oregon."

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Tim Goulet updated site/content/blog/as-seen-in-1859-magazine-2019.md

site/content/blog/as-seen-in-1859-magazine-2019.md, after:

---
title: Plan Your Next Visit to Oregon's Adventure Coast with 1859 Oregon's Magazine’s
  January Trip Planner
date: 2019-02-14 05:00:00 +0000
description: We may be in the early stages of 2019, but Oregon's Adventure Coast has
  already received a whole lot of buzz this year! We all know that the Coos Bay, North
  Bend and Charleston are is one of Oregon's best-kept travel secrets, but looks like
  the word is getting out!
image: "/img/mccullough-bridge-blog-695x322.jpg"
tags:
- 1859 Magazine
- Itinerary
- Oregon Coast Travel
- Oregon Coast Vacation
- Coos Bay
- North Bend Oregon
- Charleston Oregon
categories: []

---
## "The area has an abundance of outdoors opportunities and vistas that simply can’t be seen in other parts of the state."- [1859 Oregon's Magazine](https://1859oregonmagazine.com/explore-oregon/trip-planners/oregons-adventure-coast/)

We may be in the early stages of 2019, but Oregon's Adventure Coast has already received a whole lot of buzz this year! We all know that the Coos Bay, North Bend and Charleston are is one of Oregon's best-kept travel secrets, but looks like the word is getting out!

**As Seen in 1859 Oregon's Magazine!** In case you missed it, Oregon's Adventure Coast featured in [1859 Oregon's Magazine](https://1859oregonmagazine.com/explore-oregon/trip-planners/oregons-adventure-coast/) earlier this month. The magazine explores the landscapes, the personalities, the movers and shakers, the history and the architecture that is the jewel of the Pacific Northwest and has been characterized as "a National Geographic for the state of Oregon."

In the article, [_Oregon's Adventure Coast](https://1859oregonmagazine.com/explore-oregon/trip-planners/oregons-adventure-coast/), editor Sheila G. Miller highlights the unique natural attractions that make this area so special including our [undeveloped beaches](https://oregonsadventurecoast.com/undeveloped-beaches/), the [Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area](https://oregonsadventurecoast.com/tripideas/oregon-dunes-national-recreation-area/) and our [magnificent selection of state parks and national lands]().

The article also shines the spotlight on the [Coos History Museum](https://oregonsadventurecoast.com/art-history-culture/) and local businesses like Bay Point Landing, a new luxury property of RV sites and cabins along with [local hotspots](https://oregonsadventurecoast.com/entertainment-and-nightlife/) like The Mill Casino and 7 Devils Brewing Company. Some of our [favorite local eateries](https://oregonsadventurecoast.com/dining/) like Tokyo Bistro, Sharkbites, High Tide Cafe and Bayside Coffee in Charleston were also featured. [**Click here**](https://1859oregonmagazine.com/explore-oregon/trip-planners/oregons-adventure-coast/) **to read the article and/or follow her amazing 3-day itinerary.**

In addition to this fabulous piece, Oregon's Adventure Coast was highlighted in Portland Monthly magazine in [_Winter Storms on the Southern Oregon Coast Make A Great Get-A-Way_](https://www.pdxmonthly.com/articles/2019/1/8/winter-storms-southern-oregon)  AND our Holiday Lights at Shore Acres display got a shout-out in the Chicago Tribune's article [_A globetrotter's guide to the world's big events in 2019_](https://trib.in/2ABDbMh)!

**About 1859 Oregon's Magazine** 1859 Oregon's Magazine is a bi-monthly lifestyle magazine based in Bend, Oregon whose mission is to "Live, Think, Explore". The magazine covers both contemporary and historical content relating to the state of Oregon,from the Pacific Coast to high desert of Eastern Oregon. Named for Oregon's year of statehood, the publication was established in Bend, Oregon in the summer of 2009. To learn more or to subscribe, visit at [1859oregonmagazine.com/subscribe](1859oregonmagazine.com/subscribe).
