site/content/event/the-mill-casino-food-truck-off.md, before:

---
title: The Mill Casino Food Truck Off
photo: /img/events-runners-header.jpg
largeboxphoto: /img/mill-casino-truck-off-large.jpg
mediumboxphoto: /img/mill-casino-truck-off-medium.jpg
smallboxphoto: /img/mill-casino-truck-off-small.jpg
desktoptitle: Mill Casino Food Truck Off
mobiletitle: Mill Food Trucks
hovertitle: Mill Food Trucks
hoverdescription: 'Food trucks, live music and more!'
startdate: '2018-08-03'
enddate: '2018-08-05'
address:
  city: North Bend
  state: OR
  street: 3201 Tremont St.
  zip: '97459'
phone_local: 641-756-8800
website: 'https://www.themillcasino.com/food-truck-off/'
seo:
  imgalt: 'Mill Casino Food Truck Off '
---


{{< floatimage src="/img/mill-casino-truck-off-large.jpg" float="none" alt="People at Mill Casino Food Truck Off" size="68" >}}

Enjoy a 3-day event featuring food trucks, live music and more.

Bring the whole family to enjoy this great outdoor event. Feast yourself on the goods while the trucks compete in a cook-off for the best in several categories.

Friday, August 3: 5pm – 9pm

Saturday, August 4: 12pm – 6 pm

Sunday, August 5: 11am – 4 pm

$5 general admission

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Janice Langlinais updated site/content/event/the-mill-casino-food-truck-off.md

site/content/event/the-mill-casino-food-truck-off.md, after:

---
title: 3rd Annual The Mill Casino Food Truck Off
photo: "/img/events-runners-header.jpg"
largeboxphoto: "/img/mill-casino-truck-off-large.jpg"
mediumboxphoto: "/img/mill-casino-truck-off-medium.jpg"
smallboxphoto: "/img/mill-casino-truck-off-small.jpg"
desktoptitle: Mill Casino Food Truck Off
mobiletitle: Mill Food Trucks
hovertitle: Mill Food Trucks
hoverdescription: Food trucks, live music and more!
startdate: 2019-08-02 00:00:00 +0000
enddate: 2019-08-04 00:00:00 +0000
address:
  city: North Bend
  state: OR
  street: 3201 Tremont St.
  zip: 97459
phone_local: 541-756-8800
website: https://www.themillcasino.com/entertainment/3rd-annual-food-truck-off/
seo:
  imgalt: 'Mill Casino Food Truck Off '

---
{{< floatimage src="/img/mill-casino-truck-off-large.jpg" float="none" alt="People at Mill Casino Food Truck Off" size="68" >}}

**Enjoy a 3-day event featuring food trucks, live music and more.**

Bring the whole family to enjoy this great outdoor event. Feast yourself on the goods while the trucks compete in a cook-off for the best in several categories.

This three day event features more than 20 food trucks from around the region competing for a portion of the $8,500 prize fund. Beer Garden brought to you by Columbia Distributing. Feast yourself on the goods while the trucks compete in 7 categories. Cast your vote to see which truck will win the People’s Choice. All trucks will have at least one sample item available for purchase and will also serve from the entire regular menu.

Friday, August 2 – 5 pm – 9 pm  
Saturday, August 3 – Noon – 6 pm  
Sunday, August 4 – 11 am – 4 pm

$5 general admission (portion will benefit the Boys & Girls Club of Southwestern Oregon).

Interested in Competing? Email our [Sales Department](mailto:salesdept@themillcasino.com) for more information.
